README.md, before:

<center>
  <h2 style="border-bottom: none;"> Install Syncthing on a Raspberry Pi to create your own Dropbox. </h2>
</center><br>


### What is Syncthing?

**Syncthing** is an open source project that replaces proprietary sync and cloud services with something open, trustworthy and decentralized.
It is available on a lot of operating software which is very interesting for us.

You can learn more about it at <a href="http://syncthing.net">syncthing.net</a>


<!-- anchor -->

### 1. Set up your Raspberry Pi

<!-- anchor -->
@import "SetUpRaspberryPi.md";
<!-- anchor -->

### 2. Connect your Raspberry Pi to Wifi 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "ConnectRaspberryPiToWifi.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 3. Secure your SSH connection 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "SecureYourRaspberryPi.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 4. Automount your NAS or Hard Disk Drive 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "AutomountHardDrives.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 5. Backup your Disk Image 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "BackUpDiskImage.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 6. Install Synchting 

<!-- anchor -->

<center>
<br><br><br>
Released under the <a href="LICENSE.md">Rémi Lavedrine License</a><br>
Copyright © 2017 Rémi Lavedrine<br>
Made with  :heart:  in Paris :fr:
</center>

Commit message:

:books: Doc on Install Syncthing

README.md, after:

<center>
  <h2 style="border-bottom: none;"> Install Syncthing on a Raspberry Pi to create your own Dropbox. </h2>
</center><br>


### What is Syncthing?

**Syncthing** is an open source project that replaces proprietary sync and cloud services with something open, trustworthy and decentralized.
It is available on a lot of operating software which is very interesting for us.

You can learn more about it at <a href="http://syncthing.net">syncthing.net</a>


<!-- anchor -->

### 1. Set up your Raspberry Pi

<!-- anchor -->
@import "SetUpRaspberryPi.md";
<!-- anchor -->

### 2. Connect your Raspberry Pi to Wifi 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "ConnectRaspberryPiToWifi.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 3. Secure your SSH connection 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "SecureYourRaspberryPi.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 4. Automount your NAS or Hard Disk Drive 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "AutomountHardDrives.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 5. Backup your Disk Image 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "BackUpDiskImage.md"
<!-- anchor -->

### 6. Install Synchting 

<!-- anchor -->
@import "InstallSyncthing.md" 
<!-- anchor -->

### 7. Configure Syncthing

<!-- anchor -->

<!-- anchor -->

<center>
<br><br><br>
Released under the <a href="LICENSE.md">Rémi Lavedrine License</a><br>
Copyright © 2017 Rémi Lavedrine<br>
:man_technologist:  with  :heart:  in Paris :fr:
</center>
